Hey Alex,

Let me start by stressing how thrilled I am to have passed the bar and be given a chance to
join the team! I was thoroughly impressed not only with the Compliance Engineering department
but also (and especially) with the company as a whole! Bloomberg really seems like it would
be an incredible place to work!

I hope that my attempt to negotiate the terms of the offer are not in any way taken as an
indication that I have not been taking this process seriously, but I do want to make sure
that we've agreed upon a competitive offer that fits within the salary range for this
position.  Moreover, I do understand that I have already given my compensation expectations
during the HR round, but I honestly was not properly prepared for negotiations at the time.
In the days leading up to my virtual on-site, I was more focused on passing the technical
interviews and ensuring that the team/company was a good fit for both my personality and my
skill set.

After spending the weekend researching the salary range for this position and speaking with
Jesse (the third-party recruiter who introduced me to Bloomberg), I think that 210K total
compensation would be more appropriate for this position. In the spirit of transparency, here
is the data that helped me get to this number:

* Jesse mentioned that he was initially looking to aim for 175K base salary for this
  position. I trust his judgement over my own on this matter since he surely has a much
  better idea of what a professional with my skill set is really worth on the job market.
  This base salary combined with a 20% target bonus (35K) implies a total compensation of
  210K.

* I did some research on levels.fyi, which in my experience has more accurate salary data
  than most other competing sites (e.g. glassdoor.com). I have made the assumption that the
  SRE salary range at Bloomberg is roughly equivalent to the salary range for "Senior" level
  Software Engineers at Bloomberg. This seems to be the case at most organizations I think.
  Furthermore, the job titles of the other two SRE positions that I received interview
  invitations for at Bloomberg seem to imply the same ("Senior Software Engineer - Market
  Data SRE" and "Sr. SWE/SRE - Bloomberg Indices").

  I found 48 salary entries for Software Engineers working for Bloomberg at the "Senior"
  level who have between 1 and 4 years of experience (instead of 1-2 years---for the sake of
  more data points) and work out of Bloomberg's NYC location. Of these entries, the average
  total compensation was 218.9K. This number is likely inflated a bit since my number of
  years of experience (2) falls closer to the bottom of that range (1-4) than the top. I have
  decremented this average accordingly (using my own judgement), which brought me to 210K.

* I also did some research on the salary ranges for two companies that I was particularly
  close to receiving an offer from:

    (1) I interviewed for an Infrastructure Software Engineer position at DE Shaw. I estimate
    that the total compensation for this role would have been in the low 200s. They ended up
    going with another candidate with more experience, but I was particularly close to the
    offer stage for this position (I had to complete a background check and all of my
    referrals where collected and contacted).

    (2) I interviewed for an E4-level Production Engineer position at Facebook. The total
    compensation for this position would have been ~260K (judging from levels.fyi). I didn't
    quite make the cut for this role, but I did well enough on the on-site interviews that I
    have a phone call scheduled in January with one of their recruiters to setup another
    round of interviews (Facebook requires you wait 6 months before interviewing again for
    the same role).

  Salary is not everything; I am honestly glad at the way things turned out since it looks
  like Bloomberg has a much better company culture than either of these two companies. My
  fiance and I do, however, worry about the potential opportunity cost of accepting an offer
  that is too much lower than what I might have received if I were to have continued my job
  search for another year or so.

* Lastly, glassdoor.com (which I respect much less than levels.fyi) claims the average total
  compensation for Site Reliability Engineers at Bloomberg is 224K. This site is less
  reliable (though normally the salary data skews low not high) and there were only 3 salary
  entries to work with. With that said, this number is consistent with my other findings.

I apologize for the length of this email. In my defense, I did warn you that I prefer
reading/writing over listening/speaking :). Do you think there is some way for us to adjust
the offer based on the argument laid out above?
